[Music]
Okay, okay, okay, I'm in my studio
again, which is happiness, being here with my
fund, with my beast, with my sweets, with my
equipment, okay, with my equipment, and I say about
my equipment because, look, in the end, I bought
a laptop, okay, I bought a laptop,
this is the mouse, I bought a laptop
there it is, it's not Marbella, I bought a
laptop for the
news because in the end it was there were
postcards, I can't make videos for the
main channel, obviously, because on the
main channel,
I like to investigate and contrast more and they
tell me and such, but I say, hey, the
news is here, let's tell you that, I
can't bite my tongue, it's superior to me, it
's superior, I'm lying. If I bought a
laptop, I'll
show it to you, but of course
that cloak has passed to buying a laptop,
that it's not that it
's not Windows, it's one of these from
Apple, okay, and it has another
operating system, so they've screwed me, they've
screwed me, you ca
n't install the same
editors, okay, I had to buy Cantas
now and they stabbed me or here, here,
blood, here, blood for buying Cantas now
for bringing the news and then  on top of that I
realized that editing with my
fingers was a [ __ ] pain Isabel thank you very much
welcome love a point
pain editing with my fingers and then I
had to go crazy because they didn't sell any
mouse in any store I think
the computer would have a normal mouse
but but no no they didn't sell
mice that were compatible with the
post or you so crazy a roll
I had to buy the time with an
apple store
here what they bled me for the qantas
now the mouse less bleed or here a robbery
like I think this mouse has to
make you jerk off at least worth the mouse
has to make you jerk off at least because
come on if I say what the mouse costs it
costs almost as much as my laptop control I
know I took the other one to the beach the
other time but anyway there is that laptop I
already have it there for every time I am on a
trip they did not leave the news because
because the company is expanding
a lot okay the company I know
then we talk about three media of
mediaset
but here and javi oliveira already has
six channels six channels colleagues are you
subscribed to all six channels because
I have six channels because each channel is
different
then  I have to have 6 channels
Javi Oliveira on my main channel let's
say these are the videos
well researched well edited and all that
stuff okay Javi Oliveira I assume
everyone is subscribed to Javi
Oliveira Javier Canijo
this is the live channel and
where I upload the excerpts okay Game Over
which you don't see with me in front of you no but
this channel called Game Over is the
video game channel let's see if we finish
the point it limps by the way tomorrow
we have to finish it today Anna more on
time because I'm going to have a debate but
tomorrow we have to finish the
lollipop right now the lollipops are
not in archives either because there is no reality
the reality show could fit survivor but we
stopped watching it okay now in the fall
they start a lot of reality Big Brother
Jaime no no he doesn't believe it I don't know secret I don't know what
Big Brother is called Esteban
takes out the island of acceptance and talents I
will be with Lorena on the lollipop this
channel the lollipop because it's salsa things
as they are no Pedro
now it's time now we play to talk about that one
but no no don't defame us it's Pedro no
disfam is the lollipop is exclusively
with Lorena to talk about reality
exclusively okay the island of
temptation is great brothers we give our opinion on
reality shows okay I assume that you are already
subscribing to the six channels
okay
plus salsa this channel this is this channel
is an arch
this channel is disgusting this channel do not
subscribe to this channel the
biggest garbage of garbage of garbage of
garbage is already uploaded or rather this channel is [ __ ] disgusting
plus salsa memes are uploaded
welcome javi why doesn't youtube
inform me of their live shows face begging I
come for your info on instagram
thanks catering let's see what you have to
have the notifications activated
trinidad welcome to trinidad
thank you very much trinidad a
huge kiss thank you very much you don't know how much
support it is for you to become a member the plus
alzas is [ __ ] [ __ ] it's a
dog meme channel of click of the interviews
that I do the debates that I do are
[ __ ] garbage okay [ __ ] garbage
disgusting the channel do not subscribe to
this channel plus salsa okay it gives me memes
as if I were an old man  disgusting the
channel okay and then there's the new channel
teles to the ceo okay there you're not going to see it
here a video go ahead but well teles
al is a channel that has an archive I think it's been
three days okay
look at tv salcé or javi oliveira it appears here
why
because people search for it by that name
but that's how you read the ceo okay I've been
uploading videos to this channel for three days it's having
100,000 daily visits in three
days
on this channel it's exclusively
news okay news short videos
with little editing like the nougat unt the
informative okay like a digital press release
but the most disgusting of course the
plus salsa well gentlemen well I'm going to
tell you about several toilets okay today we're going to start
with one today we're going to start with
one that has been given this this week okay
and it was about Louis en derá Louis en
derá I don't know if you will remember something and hender
to us
[Music]
we met him here on my channels well he
became known here on youtube
because well
if he calls himself a film director and
screenwriter I already said it in the  news
from the other day, I don't consider him a
film director or screenwriter since his
projects have been a complete failure
objectively, objectively, his
projects are a complete failure, I mean,
you get in line anyway and I think it's
called the page made of
scores and ratings, he has released
three films that are not
professional films, I mean, he is an
amateur director it's like if I say that I am
a presenter, even no, I would have more
right to say that I am a presenter
than this man to say that a director is
worth it, I mean, he is a person who as a hobby
releases films
that are of the same quality as if I
recorded it with my cell phone, okay, it's been two
years, well, it became known because there was
controversy because he did a crowdfunding
to release a new film, it's the
crowdfunding, money was raised to
record that film in the North Pole and
two years ago and that film hasn't come
out, I don't know,
the other day I edited green wine for four
hours and that man hasn't been able to
edit a film yet
and the film one of the actresses was my
goodbye project, she is a quite
controversial youtuber, well, your honor, you don't
know her but the kids know her
quite a bit too much because a youtuber
who also had her thing with her
ex-partner many to the ceo many things no
so that man caught our
attention when we started to take out his
archives and his behavior on
social networks not the comments he
had towards women towards other people
no but well
before going through the archives let's
talk about what happened this
past week ok and it is that he has messed with a
disabled person he
literally went on twitter to
insult a kid
on youtube that kid also okay he has
ALS it is an illness that I don't
know much about I am not very informed
about this illness but I know that it is an
illness that has no cure and I think that
if I am wrong it is this illness in
which you get
and I do not want to say anything that is not okay
but it is an illness that little by
little you become paralyzed I do not think that little
by little you are left without mobility in
any part of the body
until you die because literally there is no
cure or anything no so
this youtuber Jordi and Sabadell I think it is
called correct me if I  I'm mistaken, I'm
talking about memory, okay, his name
was Jordi and Sabadell is a
YouTube that is doing nothing but
raising funds.
Thank you very much, really, to all of you who are
members and subscribers. Okay,
basically what I wanted was to mobilize
what this man is doing, raising
awareness of the disease. It's great that
funds are being raised and even so that
social security can help you find more
things because there are people who can't
afford it, even if there's no cure. Okay,
but you have to live as
long as possible with the highest
quality of life possible. There are people who
need someone to take care of them and there are
certain things about the treatment that
not everyone can afford. What is
this man doing? Well, it's
even being interviewed,
Jandro. Thank you very much, a
huge hug. I'm really telling you,
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, which would be the name
of ALS, the acronym,
for example, this kid is on YouTube right
now doing interviews. He has
interviewed a few
YouTube journalists and
television presenters. He did an interview and,
oh, I don't know if he has published it.  yes or no
and he's doing an interview with his
eyes do you remember chifeng hot steven
hawking had it is that I don't want to say
anything as a delicate subject that defines
nothing either that I'm wrong do you
remember that he had like a computer he
said that he wrote with his eyes
well
[Music]
Jordi Sabater Pons thank you very much
thank you well basically he's doing
interviews with his eyes the kid doing his
thing trying to be an activist they
achieve their purpose what's
happening is Louis is in Derá
this is very serious
Louis is in Derá with this tweet
in which the kid was mobilizing a
hashtag okay I want to start a campaign
to raise awareness in the whole society that
the Sánchez government is forcing
ALS patients to die Decastro
thank you very much thank you we do
n't have help for our care
churras dedicate a dance to me tasty old man
but a dance Andreu to study
we have the dogs
Andreu a huge hug thank you very much
nataniel a huge hug to you too
okay well people don't know  Another thing happens to her
that when she comes across this tweet,
since he is very feminist, he is very progressive,
okay, what he always does when he is going to
mess with someone is look at who you
follow, so he assumes that if you
follow Dallas, Javi Oliveira,
someone who is a boxing politician or
someone, okay, Jordi Sabaté, he doesn't only
follow boxing politicians, yes,
boxing politicians, and follow politicians from all
parties, okay, so the first thing he does
is see that you follow Box and Santiago
Abascal and he says, okay, stop following
the far right and we'll retweet you, okay, he has
explained many times, so I don't know if he is that
ignorant on purpose or
simply, well, he is not progressive,
Box is not far right, okay, however,
we can, yes, he is the extreme left, but
well, that's how things are and these are the people,
no, and the logic that he has, we are not
talking about an ALS patient
and Louis in Derá is telling him that he has to
stop following the right, it
is not progress, be progress, well, in the
air more to the newspaper archives, people
tell him that he has to stop following the
right, okay, to the  these politicians to
help her, I mean, if not, stop
following them, she doesn't deserve help, she doesn't deserve
our help,
to me, in my opinion, sectarianism is
okay, but it's something that doesn't
surprise me on the part of these people, no,
and well, literally from this
tweet on, he dedicated himself to insulting her, okay, why do you
say that they force you to die? I know
a sick person with it and they take care of him as much as
possible, insinuating that there is a
treatment that they don't want to give you, how can you
be, how can you be so
miserable, ALS is incurable, I hope
those at Vox are paying you well,
tomorrow it's 24 hours on your visa,
remember that it's really cool to see them together,
okay Alex, well if you don't need it, I'll
stop by there, if he seriously needs it, I'll
stop by there.
I have a lot of work to do, I have to catch
up, I have to make a lot of videos,
a lot of things, but if he seriously needs me, I'll
be here for a few minutes, okay, here he
calls him miserable, look at
the intelligence of this man, okay, he
will look at the intelligence of this man,
okay, take it and put it on special for
far-right trolls, for the center,
they are trolls  from the far right everyone who
criticizes him
everyone who criticizes Luis in Derá or
anyone who is not on his side are
trolls no Luis the other day on TV to the CEO
your news was uploaded and in various
media outlets and there were people
criticizing you from the left, from the right,
from the center from everywhere you have to have a
heart not to insult this kid
okay this is already crossing any
line don't insult this kid no and
all the progressives kept quiet in front of the
people it was very correct that for me is
very accurate we have not seen any of
the progressives
mention themselves and say anything against this
because it is because it is their side because it is of
interest in the little twitter war in the
twitter movement that they have in it
like that in the measuring stick that they have like that in
the measuring stick that everyone has look
I want to clarify one thing when I talk
about progressives reality is I am not talking about people
from the left there are many people who have
come new to my channel and do not understand the
progressive concept
reality is a motorcycle that is put on
extreme left people but
extremely exaggerated so that they want to
be the most giving  pointing the finger at
others the most the most modern the most
feminist the one who looks out for
women the most the one who looks out for all
causes and all oppressed groups
it is a problem that normally they tend to
be
false lies okay because because they
do worse things than the people they
point out that is why they are those mountains I the
people who are on the left I respect
each one in their ideology there are people who
are on the left in social matters but on the
economic they are on the right it is conservative
getting into each one that we must
respect the ideology if we are not
becoming people as they say about
people it would be okay each one has
their ideology okay put this news
look at the intelligence you will not look at
the intelligence that these people have and
put this news and says take it for the
others no like take the sack that I give you no
and for a news from the vanguard that
says pp and citizens bring forward the
decree law of aid for ALS pay
attention but what does the
disease have to do with politics please I
am not right wing but I am a good
person and I live and let live messing
with this person messing with a
sick person  tortilla thanks axel
no longer influences politics meaning
I would help anyone and
even if I were progressive in this
situation
each one should be as they want for that it
exists look at the issue of one being
progressive that others to the right of the
total vote also to debate to debate
to vote but to fight we set an
example when it comes down to it we
are all human and if someone
needs a cable from the rest of humans
I know that life lasts two days life
comes it goes and when they go back
in life you cannot go back
greetings from Puerto Rico a hug
and thank you very much if we do not take care of each other
human beings what the hell kind of
world do we live in no good so he
shares this news believing that the
news will be announcing aid for
ALS patients and one comes this
test and all his teeth hit and
is normal that they hit you in the teeth
leader so it is normal that they hit you do you
use coal with this tweet if
at least when you share news
read it according to the article that you
shared the ALS that is  speaks is
local autonomous entities
[Laughs]
my goodness
this summer I had to come
that I had here they have the
official data not here they share it with
official data as there are expenses that they cannot face those that
many ALS sufferers cannot face okay it's been a long
time since I felt as
humiliated as I am today why are you doing this to me
Louis in derá
the screenwriter and director leads has said
publicly
and he is having a lot of respect
calling him screenwriter and director you
have already seen a bit of the films
the things that this man you know who
knows him has not said publicly on his
tweet channel [ __ ] me for me
having started the campaign
I bad person look at the one who says that the
Sánchez government forces
ALS sufferers to die how can you say that
sounds like a criminal government that says box that's why I
tell you what I tell you to your face
keep this on your face because it turns
out that far from far from
regretting or saying ok I was already fooling myself
sorry I was fooling
myself
Karime how will the
disease of the alone never be heard a huge hug
Karime for the disease  of a
well-known disease it is a
disease
[Music]
but what a nice tanned tan
takes me to this tasty old man who has such a
good vacation cake watching your
videos from time to time watching your
videos come when thank you very much for the
super charly and a huge hug
well it is a disease that there have been
many famous people with that disease
basically it is a disease that
leaves you paralyzed or karim
I don't know if it will have some kind of order
or whatever because I really don't
know it much I don't want to put my foot in it
but I know that in the end you end up totally
immobilized
okay
in which Steven Hawking had
well far from regretting and
apologizing I have spent whatever this
man felt proud and began to do
live shows gloating and boasting
about having been in a trending topic
who would believe how happy he was here I saw that he
had 100 viewers on his tweets and
from his tweet he continued insulting the
kid okay yeah man yes he is there and
Jordi Sabaté Pons yeah [ __ ] you I have
again I
remind you because I tell you
and
please
that it was the one from  notio how strong but pay
attention to this clip also pay attention to
this clip you
follow the far right no I don't trust
you and he said that present he wants to
kill you are going to die that way you me
all that you are going to die anyway we are
not going to die
then yes yes
and then right here
here tonight not on twitter
and I tell you very brave very cool we are not
going to do the trolls that he commands that
come with a little drawing to tell me
or any of them I tell you your face will
sell it I have been asking for a live debate for two years now
about all the insults you have made to me
and especially the newspaper archive that I have
from your twitter and I am not up for a
debate
and apart from him telling you that to your face as
if he were very brave and they have
all of Spain blocked he
has blocked every click and he saw a
thread he saw a thread if the wall fadel and
handel now we will tell it he saw a thread
on twitter what is it now write here if
people have not blocked tens of
thousands of people
or so I have the genes my grandfather my
great-grandfather was in jail
at least I have some people who are
brave and proud, boasting that my
grandfather and my great-grandfather were in
jail, maybe I have it a little in my
genes, well let's see if it comes to me too, he'll have
a live debate with me,
both of them live off the bat with respect, I don't
have any, they insult you and I'm going to defame you and I'm
going to eat you, you'll
probably look bad, of course, if they
make you look bad every day on
Twitter, but a live debate, that's not it, no,
no, and selling that to your face, no,
really, let's go, let's go
[Music]
to remember a little, okay, let's remember
this man's archives a little,
okay, let's remember
this man's archives a little because the worst thing
Luis has done in Derá on Twitter was not to
mess with a disabled person, he
already has a history that is
[ __ ], we won't have time to see it
all in this extract, but to
give you an idea, let's go, if I don't forget, I'll
leave you the description, a video that I
made because the guy had the
balls, you know, he
had the balls to  send me a burofax
because I criticized them okay how am I not
going to criticize you and generate you are a
public figure you do not have the
verification on twitter he does not have it
because that is how twitter is in Spain no but that
I criticize him and that I call him
sexist
idiot that I call him to a plant of
things
and he sent me a burofax blocks unblocks
to brag and quickly blocks
exactly and he lives in a
quintuple parallel reality in which he believes
that he gives away that he is right so you do
not debate if you have
blocked all the people who are not of
your kind
but look he sent me a burofax giving me
ten days to delete all the
content that I had made talking about him
and that I would not mention him again
obviously with the burofax there in the
video that you have in the description I
tore it up and waited for the lawsuit that did not
arrive two and a half years now and it did not
arrive then when his
friends sued me he sent me a very cool md pretending
that the lawsuit was his saying and
soon saving I have to save
housing  I'm ready another
coopershoes recently said that iron
will confirm the talk he will have in it and
you in his live where I send you the clip
so that those who have doubts can
see it but there is no doubt Alberto
but thank you very much more the mix and we
see it there is no doubt
today when I returned from vacation I sent him
a message now I literally told him
these have been our words
pig and he has called me dirty and he
has made me loving mensah 25 minutes
I bet hey I have not forgotten I have already
said that we are not going to do it
especially me he is going to be the star
when he when he has the time we
do it it's that well I have to talk
to one thing but yes yes we are going to
record it take weyne thank you very much thank you very much to
take thank you very much a hug
that he sent me a flag meme
telling me you have not received the
extrajudicial demand from my lawyer and
I extrajudicial what the hell is
for a demand will he sell it for a candle
for a mere you will sell the lanterns god
me when I say that he reports someone what was
reported man
and two and a half years and here I am
waiting for him and of course what's happening what's
happening very simple together
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis that's
ALS
greetings havia and the community thank you
very much for this piece
of your hanger a huge hug what
happens is that he wanted to sue me for calling him
sexist for calling him let's go if I don't
remember a number of things okay but
of course he had insulted me
a lot too apart from
his rap let's see your tweets let's
see a bit of the newspaper archive okay for him he
wanted to send me for my opinion this is
a tweet from Louis in derá referring to
me I will do it okay the youtube that he
hired for his movie okay he
says yes all that I say in the tweet would be to
tell him if you want to be my girlfriend
to me I will do these 2019 I will do it I think he will
be like 23 years old now no I have no
idea how old
my are but I imagine he will be 23 well
that's how we are talking in 2019 he could be
I will do it in 20 or 19 years I don't know
and he says  it would be to ask her if she wants to be my
girlfriend which I'm sure she wouldn't want to, she
seems too young for you and she'll
sell it this is a follower of mine who's no
more well how old was she but she wasn't that
old either okay and she says that you talking about
tense youtubers is fourth rate
when your movies barely have
ratings and you weren't able to
complete a collection for your movie
having thousands of followers okay look at
what the girl puts on him and look
what she answers this trajectory
thank you so much a huge hug I do
n't know what he's doing writing and not
eating my balls behind his back he
writes to a girl
this is the one he put on my mother okay he
says I'll do it for a photo in a bikini okay
normal and ordinary it's not a photo
out of the ordinary okay and he
puts on her or my ghost in 2016 in 2016 no I did
n't remember this
how old were they in 2016
how old was I scared in 2016 and he
puts on her my god because I'm 20 years older than
you I'm box I'm married and your mother
knows me if not hahaha
nice photo I
think  very good the antena3 campaign
for breast cancer prevention
but why can't we see the
blonde's tits in the ad
swimmers like that with a nice pair of tits there's
no truth watching the olympic games
guards like that in general you
're still talking about an experience she
had it hasn't raised my attention a bit
but I let it go
while cursing inside and looking
at her appearance I better not comment or rather I
was looking for someone because of her appearance
anger careful because in the end the [ __ ]
when passing her oregano through the laser
asks how much it costs and the cashier 1.50 well
then I don't want her to do it t
remind me that in my next life I will be
a girl with a fancy trash can and all that and a
lesbian of course
the girl drives a ferrari being
under 20 years old but she's going to put a little
piece of cardboard in her car t so as not to mark her
lips mtv
stop saying all the time that you're
hot that you're sweaty that turns me on
one of her followers answers her and says
women don't sweat we shine
now I'm shining  like a pig and the
[ __ ] gene says how good a
cold shower takes pictures and that
alone makes me a little brown really I
admit it it's a sexist tweet I think
if I'm not perfect the same one says here
what do you have and sexist it is he wanted to
sue me for calling him sexist okay he
wanted to kill me for calling him sexist I think
and a few million more is what
I see blondes without cutting a
hair good morning
I've seen how big you are and I
'm not a [ __ ] well I
love to eat here he's
fighting with someone okay and look at what he
says I love to eat a [ __ ]
the truth but since I'm happily
married I only eat my wife's you who
like [ __ ]
stuck with someone in case they like it if they
like the features that pass by they will
understand but it's that he does it strong it's that
this guy has a little flag of the
people see and in his avatar today
to yoma you
see I already have for the jerk off tonight
with that sexy voice the smart blondes
better shut up
then what you swallow  semen or not
look at this was this this tour and they
sent it today okay this tweet says the
justified one I know that people are
taking out your daughter old okay and he wants to
justify that this tweet is a
criticism that it is alcampo that it is alcampo
that a criticism of puritanism
clear what and surely all three that we
are seeing are sarcasm no well
here juanma from the alamo okay
juanma a hug man I don't have your I don't
have access to my twitter account
juanma okay he kicked us out ignoring one man
esteban navarro I know that a lot of people
are talking to me on md I don't have access I don't
know what's going on in their heads I don't have
access to the account okay so it's not that he's
ignoring himself okay I blocked him
because he said if he wanted to piss off the
retired man I would show them one of your
movies
that there's no need to exaggerate but if you
think about it it's like that they never talk about
men's tuxedos already placed
they could comment on how the
actresses' tits and asses are it's just a
thought the mara is a case
this terrible god this horrible I give you
viagra  female
in the drink so you get really horny on
the first date
and he tells someone and then he tells them
later now the one who doesn't want to [ __ ]
his those things
what the [ __ ] with this tweet he
approaches my daughter at the PSC and on a website it
was on a website surely this
banner was surely on a website
he teleshopping surely not
my goodness regarding my thing I
will make the comments he made to me ares it's not to say being my boyfriend and such you think but you have to look and you will do his mother who are very feminist already knows it doesn't believe that I will cancel the collaboration with him and did not participate in his film transfer
this history no in fact to Antonia's
mother and even put money into
crowdfunding so that the
film could be shot where her daughter was going to work did not
go to the North Pole with him to record the
film no in fact man thank you very much
because they sent me today these
these tweets in which the mother of my
critical area you know the controversy that had
made day with with this
stretching of the swimmers and of the
and of the athletes
okay
in which I  you guys have sent
the controversy that they start looking at the
athletes' butts and so on, well
Antonia found this very
disgusting look at me it seemed very
disgusting okay and look she retweeted
milk but how are you going to the gym
only for women those same guys
when they see a girl in leggings or
whatever it seems very bad to Antonia it
seems to her and she gave to the victory it has been they put
Victor or if someone puts it okay
but selling everything quietly guy
from the summer they have said absolutely nothing
none none guys so you can see that
the opinion is not worth the opinions the
criticisms they make are useless because if I
go as an activist for something I always go
and if I have an opinion I
always have it okay so you can see that it is not
worth it I am going to put a few of the insults
that
Luis made to me in its entirety no because it has
made me laugh a lot that Louis in derá
when Jordi Sabaté said to
report it Louis general has put this
screenshot in which he says that
insults are protected by
freedom of expression no and that what
matters for  see if it is a crime or not a
crime or illicit it is the intention the
spirit crazy explained thousands of times
although they keep insisting that
I save up that I don't know what that I don't
know how much no and he says that the insults that you
throw at Jordi that fall within
freedom of expression exactly he will
understand and look at all the tweets
that you have enjoying it I don't care here they
call me sexist that I suck your balls
here they tell me that I am a sexist pig
louis in derá to me he tells me that I am a
sexist pig
the auxiliary club of the median bald
louis in derá calling me sexist
this was great this was great and it
should be canceled
or rather it should really have a
penalty okay and the crowdfunding
to make the film he did a
crowdfunding then in the crowdfunding
everyone who donated their name appeared in
the credits of the film I already know it for a year
and a half
there will be people since not even the actors in the
film okay but
but he will sell when he saw the joke I made
of paying him ten euros so that
my name would appear in the credits I know it
your angry uncle returned what a [ __ ]
joke a [ __ ] test but
this man is very angry he gets very angry
with the criticism now go see what
okay they are
angry with the joke that he
returned the money to me and said shove it up the
ass okay here he put me on twitter
mentally indigent
also put a lot of insults like for
example in this one that says that I am
reported for harassment no louis in derá
reported for harassment your friend
gorgona la flor was from cobite she
is reported for harassment I am not
reported I do not have a lawsuit by
right by right to honor that we will have to
see what remains because that is
good we are waiting for the trial that
right now is suspended for some
things that I had not told that the
account that I if you want okay but I do not
have any lawsuit for harassment no
complaint for harassment they defame us well
but so you can see the credibility of
the opinion that they have that you are
good for nothing no and well that is what he
is saying today far from
feeling ashamed again by all these types
of comments
he feels proud of  He feels
proud, he
grabs it and justifies that he is
followed by writers, journalists, singers,
television presenters because
pride, forget about the sight that he gained 600
followers on twitter,
Louis in his entire life when you go to Andorra,
tremendous, don't you see here, proud that
the trends were there, that he had
gotten some pieces in tweets
that he had gained without followers that day,
without followers,
what values ​​​​is he going to teach your children,
Louis in Derá, man, when they get on the
internet and see these, didn't you feel
proud about that, trustworthy like the current one, it
was so angry, okay, he started
reporting my videos because I said he
was a failed director when he
literally is, I mean, literally,
Triumph had to sell Luis
in Derá if you go to the page, this
row, finally, and you, worth it, the three
films are here recorded, the three
projects have a score of 11 and a
half, 2 out of 10, all are worth it, all,
literally, he has failed,
literally, you have not been
successful, nor will you ever be, he will sell because he
is very bad at making films, okay, and with
the colleague and with the colleague there  they are
angry that he has caught these days and has
written in the end finity and has told him
that the score was not true marín
ferrer ferreira a hug mar and a
hug nar wrote to me to the website
this is great thanks antonio lopez
has written to the website telling him that they
were trolls that the score was not
real that they were trolls and that is why
the network starts but enrique you are
not going to have a good score
that the films that people don't like are not good
and that you do not say that because of
trolls because already in 2019 when I looked
we looked at your profile here in the first
video that I made talking about the origin of
era so that you do not say no but your
followers no no no no no no in the
first video that I made the origin of era you
can see it on my channel okay
alexa I
missed you I have
missed your questions a lot
I am glad that you are back
alex to who is who is
louis in derá
according to an alexa
answers luís collaborator  young patrimoni worthy of
genoa currents where associated with
don francisco cremonte is for a
business house for reading for the web
alexa
who is louis in derá
sorry i don't know
alexa i understand
the answer to your question could be
sorry i don't know what the average
rent price is in seville he
is dead he has become more like alexa
listen to me legend was in the first video
we made when we discovered you they already
had those scores at the beginning of
2019 or rather see if you have burned that he
did everything possible to take down a
video for me because he said it was a failure and it
is freedom of expression louis in
freedom of expression louis entire and if he does
not put the truth in its entirety to
see it but you the lawsuit that you put to
other people who are your colleagues those are not
yours you celebrate them as if they were
yours because you do not have to put it on me
but louis by melano what a bluff uses
the word troll like a
multipurpose knife and yes yes yes but that our
reads nothing to electro I read nothing inside nothing
that rating the movie already had
before, I mean, before, before such and
such, he already had it,
okay, what I find incredible is that he blocks everything on
Twitter but he blocks whoever he wants, I
mean, I said it on the news page,
I'm sure that me and all the people who
follow me are proud and happy and
calm that he does
n't block me and that we don't have
interactions with the housing company because with the
client, I avoid comparing and he will sell, so he
took away the son of my chosen one, lead,
okay, but what a shame, dude, mess with
a valid medium, apologize, dude, Javier
Díaz, Juan Hus also, yes, he demands a
writer, ask Juan Hus Marín,
well, no, I don't know who you're referring to, thank you very much
for the super chat, but well,
I'm also followed by all kinds of
people, television presenters,
political collaborators, a lot of
huge, very famous people, but I
don't go around posting tweets, many writers follow me
and that's because you are really
good,
like a little kid, not like, look, yeah,
why do they follow me like this, so what I
post is not bad because they follow me for a long
time, it does
n't matter that they follow you  will sell it
by writing things that can shame style
[Music]